| multiple | independent | inteligent  | agents      |  |
---------------------------------------------------------
|          | msg passing | local state | inheritance |  |


From POV of a class what is 'instantiate':
selector

Why from POV of class instantiate is selector?

Because when creating a new childclass it kind of pulls out information to make
intance
https://archive.org/details/ucberkeley_webcast_jq1v8YUftxE#11:16


Instantiate looks at Person class and sort of pulls out from that

Interesting: Instantiate doesn't make a class, its selector for classes!

Instantiate is also constructor for instances

Pieces of define class are called clauses, similar to cond, but in cond we use
only one of them as oppose here we use all of them.

What are instantiation variables to a class -> Like arguments


class
  instance
    instantiation variables
clause
instantiate
instance vars
| IDEAS                  | IMPLEMENTATION |
| --                     | --             |
| class                  | define-class   |
| instance               | method         |
| instantiation variable |                |
| instance variable      | instance-vars  |
| class variable         | class-vars     |
|                        | clauses        |
| message                |                |
|                        | Parent         |


What is diff instance variable & instance variable

Initial value from class definition (look at count)
instance-variable: 

Initial value from call to instantiate
instantiation-variable: 

;; instantiation variables "Marko" & 33
(define marko (instantiate person "Marko" 33))

Purpose of the difference is, 
does the every ins has the same value? -> Instance variables.

If they have different starting value, instantiation variables

When is created 'instance-vars'
Is class-vars created before or later instance-vars?


what kind of messages class can accept? class-*

What is 'self' as per Brien -> Kind of hidden instance variable

(define bh (instantiate person "ma" 33))
What is the name of instance? 
2 names, thats for us
has no idea there is a varibale 

## Implementing Inheritance
This here: https://archive.org/details/ucberkeley_webcast_S9mGKy3Dzqw#4:07

https://archive.org/details/ucberkeley_webcast_S9mGKy3Dzqw#09:00
To implment Inheritance we used method -> Delegation

Write me a 20 page paper on delegation, you turn to him and say: Write me 20
page paper on delegation

We are delegating, ask msg to this invisible people obj

